JagTrack Module 1 - Written Reflection
Student: Taryn Larsen
Date: 11/18/25


---


CHOICE POINT #1: COLOR THEME
Option Chosen: A
Explanation: I chose option A because I like the colors it already had. I think the colors of this theme look good together and they don't need any changing. Not changing the theme also makes it a lot easier for me which is nice. I also notice that the colors also give my site a finished look which I like.


---


NEXT QUARTER PLANNING (myclassesnextquarter.html)


My Classes for Next Quarter:
- A Block: Painting - 8:25 - 9:55
- B1 Block: Choir - 10:00 - 10:45
- B2 Block: English/Language Arts 8 - 10:45 - 11:30
- C Block: Literature and Film - 11:35 - 1:45
- D Block: Social Studies - 1:50 - 3:20


Explanation:
I chose these classes for my optimal quarter because I want to have as little homework as I can have, but lots of fun classes.
I am most looking forward to learning about how to paint.
I think Social Studies will be the most challenging class because I will have lots of things to memorize and probably homework every day.
I don't have a free period, but if I did I would work on any homework for other classes or to get ahead on work for other classes.
These classes with help me reach my academic goals becasue I am taking my required classes and also taking some classes to to learn more about things I enjoy.



Free Period Challenge (if applicable):
I don't have a free period.


---


REFLECTION


What I Learned:
The Bootstap concepts that made the most sense to me was the row styling. I found it pretty simple to understand how to change the rows to hold different ammounts of classes if I wanted them to.
The most challenging Bootstrap concept for me was probably all the classes. I accidently deleted one and I was very cofused for why the styling looked different for part of the page.
I think my CSS customiztion looks good because everything on the webpage seems to go together well.
I would add more links to JagTrack in the future so it could take me to more resources.
I will use this site to keep track of my goals for my classes next quarter, so I don't forget what I'm hoping to gain from them.

Hours Spent: about 5.5 hours
